And this lesson, we're going to create a new test class and you will learn about another very useful
foundation that is used when writing integration tests.
So let's create a new test class.
I will select controls package and inside of the controllers package, I will create a new test class.
That I will call users controller integration test.
Notice that I'm creating this new test class in the test package, not in the main application, but
in the test package.
So users control integration test, enter and to make sprint framework create and run application context
that involves all three layers of our application.
I'll annotate my test class with annotation that is called Sprint Boot Test.
So this Springwood test annotation, it will tell Springwood to look for main application class, the
one that is annotated with Springwood application and the one that has public static void main.
And it will use it to start Sprint application context.
So Sprint Framework will then scan the root package over application and all SAP packages looking for
classes with different annotations.
But this time, because we use spring boot test annotation, spring framework will not stop at the web
layer.
It will create bins that are related to all three layers of my application beans that are related to
web layer, service layer and data layer as well.
And all bins will be created and all bins will be added to Sprint application context.
All right.
And we can also use this springboard test annotation to specify if we want Sprint framework to run web
environment on a specific port number or on a random port number.
So let's see how it works in the following lesson.